In the previous video,
I briefly mentioned
the four steps
required to implement
auto-correct.
Now, you're going to take a
deep dive into these steps.
You already know the four steps
inside the auto-correct model.
It's time to look at
each step in detail.
You'll be implementing each of
these steps in this
week's assignments.
Step 1, identify a
misspelled word.
When the string there
is encountered,
how do you know it's
a misspelled word?
Well, if it's spelled correctly,
you will find it
in the dictionary.
If not, then it's probably
a misspelled word.
If a word is not given
in a dictionary,
flag it for correction.
Recall that you're
not searching for
contextual errors,
just spelling errors.
There are much more
sophisticated techniques
for identifying words
that are probably incorrect
by looking at the words
surrounding them.
Some of which you'll visit
later in the course.
But for now, quickly identifying
a word as incorrect by
its appearance misspelling is a
simple and is a powerful
model that works well.
Words like deer
will pass through
this filter just fine as it is
spelled correctly regardless
of how the context may seem.
Step two, find
strings that are 1,
2, 3, or any number n
edit distance away.
When saying n edit distance,
I'm referring to an
edit distance of n,
such as edit distance of one,
edit distance of two, and so on.
An edit is a type of
operation performed
on a string to change
it into another string.
Edit distance counts
the number of
these operations so that
the n edit distance tells you
how many operations away
one string is from another.
Now consider an insert
operation, for example.
This is a type of edit that adds
a letter to its string
in any position.
For example, starting
with the word
to insert P at the end
and you get top or
inserts W in the middle
and you get two.
A delete operation
removes the letter.
For example, starts
with the word hat.
Delete T from the
end and you get to
ha or delete H from
the fronts and you
get at or delete A from the
middle and you get the string
H-T. A switch edit swap
two adjacent letters.
For example, the string E-T-A,
switch T and A and you get eat,
or switch E and T
and you get tea.
Notice that you are switching
two letters that are
next to each other.
This does not include switching
two letters that are
not next to each other,
such as switching the E
and the A to make ate.
A replace edit changes
one letter to another.
For example, the word jaw,
change W to R and you get jar,
or change J to P
and you get paw.
Using the four edits; insert,
delete, switch, and replace,
you can modify any string.
By combining these edits,
you can find a list of
all possible strings
that's are n edits away.
For auto-correct, n
is usually 1-3 edits.
You'll implement each
of these edits in
this week's programming
exercise and
combine edits to get a list of
two edit distances from
the original input string.
Now Step 3, filter candidates.
Notice how many of
the strings that are
generated do not look
like actual words.
To filter these strings
and keep ones that
are real words,
you only want to consider
real and correctly spelled words
from your candidate lists.
Again, compare it to a known
dictionary or vocabulary,
just like in Step 1.
This time, if the string
does not appear in
the dictionary,
remove it from the
list of candidates.
When you're left with a
list of actual words only,
then that is good progress.
That's the first three steps of
building the auto-correct model.
In the next lesson,
you'll see the fourth
and final step.
You learned about three
of the four steps
required to implement
auto-correct for the first week.
The first step was identifying
the misspelled word,
then finding the strings that
are n edit distances away,
then filtering the candidates
that are actual words.
Now the last step is
calculating the probabilities,
which you will learn
about in the next video.